# The business case for using blockchains in the insurance industry

"But the databases and the networks never really learn to get on...could not find a common world model which allowed them to inoperate smoothly. Interacting with a single database is easy enough: forms and web applications of the kinds you use every day. But the hard problem is getting databases working together, invisibly for our benefit, or getting the databases to interact smoothly with processes running on our own laptops."

"Those technical problems are usually masked by bureaucracy but we experience their impact every single day of our lives.... Perhaps you want your car insurance to get access to a policy report about your car getting broken into. In all probability you will have to get the data out of one database in the form of a handful of printouts, and then mail them to the company yourself: there's no real connectivity in the systems. You can't drive the process from your laptop, except by the dumb process of filling in forms. There's no sense of using real computers to do things, only computers abused as expensive paper simulators. Although in theory information could just flow from one database to another with your permission, in practice the technical costs of connecting databases are huge, and your computer doesn't store your data so that it can do all this work for you. Instead it's just something you fill in forms on."

"The human factors - the mindsets which generate the software - don't fit together. Each enterprise builds their computer system in their own image and these images disagree about what is vital and what is incidental and truth does not flow between them easily. When we need to translate from one world model to another, we put humans in the process and we're back to processes which mirror filling in paper forms rather than genuinely digital cooperation.... Every process requires filling in the same damn name and address data, twenty times a day and more often if you are moving house. How often do you shop from Amazon rather than some more specialized store just because they know where you live?"

Programmable blockchains in context: Ethereum's future by Vinay Gupta
https://medium.com/@ConsenSys/programmable-blockchains-in-context-ethereum-s-future-cd8451eb421e#.3aohk3jyz
